I've been on the phone for about five minutes
Please wait a moment
Yu Fei
I asked you to refuse the second marriage of the lord
Marry the Chu family honestly
You have to listen to me
How are you now?
What did you find back?
Hurry up!
Before you marry him
Break the engagement
Marry Mr. Chu
Marry my brother
I'm sorry your Ye family doesn't have this opportunity anymore
Your Ye Yufei is now a second married woman
Who knew he was in Lanzhou those two days?
A migrant worker like this Xiao Junling
What were you up to there?
If he becomes second-hand
Then won't my brother become a pick-up man for migrant workers?
that
What do you want, Miss Chu?
It's very simple. You bring Li Jianing.
Go to the hospital for verification
Open up the camp
Bring another 300 million to my Chu family
Let him kneel and knock at the door of my Chu family
Three small heads apologize
Let's talk about getting married again
Miss Chu, you are clearly making things difficult for my daughter
How can I be difficult for you?
It's him Ye Yufei
I have to be with this Xiao resident first
Now I want to marry into my Chu family again
What do you think of my Chu family?
Come in if you want, come out if you want
everyone
Do you think what I said makes sense?
Miss Chu is right
Ye Yufei should apologize to the Chu family
It's not too much to ask me to see
Mrs. Ye
What do you think, Li Fei?
Just follow Miss Chu's instructions.
I am innocent
Why apologize to the Chu family?
Besides, I never wanted to marry into the Chu family
I already have a man
Yue Fei, you don't need to apologize to anyone
Even if you apologize
They should also apologize
What about people, get this trash out
Seven Star Ares
Chicken hunter